okay go see Milan
if she princess Eva
I can't hear anything
we haven't been on any rides yet you
just got here let's wait till our turn
okay bel there's bel good here
okay I'll take her healthy given to
method
okay ready
Ava Ava - Ava you like you said PV move
over there Cinderella hey come on say by
itself
hey go this way go that way
gotta wait your turn when will we not
need Kennedy's getting her picture taken
wait wait anyway we wait till it's your
turn okay it's your turn
mind the camera mind the camcorder
Oh my favor yeah
goodbye Cinderella how lucky Eva
oh you want to start my line
Palestinian beauties are you gonna be
for Halloween she's gonna be you for
Halloween a new pink one can you give
her a hug give her a hug say bye bye bye
now while okay my next time okay bye-bye